Second chance in life
Secret revealed
Seeking shelter together
Sense of accomplishment
Sheet music on stand
Silent forest
Silhouette against sunset 
Singing along at top volume
Skate park
Skateboarders at park
Ski lodge
Ski trip
Small act of kindness
Small acts of love
Small-town main street
Smell of cotton candy
Smell of street food
Smile spreading on face
Smudged writing 
Snorkeling excursion
Snowboarding trip
Snowmobiling adventure
Snowshoeing adventure
Snowy day
Soaked shoes squeaking
Soccer match
Sore feet the next day
Sparkly souvenir
Speed dating
Spiderweb glistening
Spilled coffee down shirt
Splashes on bathroom mirror
Spreading kindness
Squeaking door hinge 
Squeaky attic stairs
Stained tablecloth
Stale cereal
Starfish washed ashore
Stargazing late 
Starry night reflection
Starry sky
Steaming cup of tea
Stepping on crunchy path
Street lamp flickering
Street market energy
Street musician playing 
Street performance
Street vendor sights
Street vendor's call
Streetlights coming on
Stretching tight muscles
Summer festival crowd
Summer rain
Summer's warm embrace
Sun-bleached sign
Sunlight dappling leaves 
Sunlight through trees
Sunrise behind mountains
Sunrise hike
Sunrise over the ocean
Sunset cruise
Sunset picnic
Sweat beading on forehead
Swinging on a tire swing
TV remote lost 
Takeaway delivered
Tall pines overhead
Tangled fishing line
Tarnished locket
Tea time
Tears of joy 
Tears streaming down face
Tennis match
Thanksgiving dinner
The impact of a smile
The power of dreams 
The truth sets free
Theater play
Thunder in the distance
Thunderstorm rages on
Ticket stub in pocket
Toothbrush bristles bent
Traffic jam ahead
Trailhead
Train station
Trash overflowing bin
Trivia night
Tropical getaway
Turning dusty pages
Umbrella turned inside out
Unanswered emails
Unbreakable bond
Unexpected compliment
Unexpected job offer
Unexpected romantic spark
Unexpected twist
Unforgettable experience
Unique jewelry finds
Unlocking apartment door
Unpacking a delivery
Unread text message
Unwashed dishes piled
Valentine's Day date
View of twinkling city
Vintage clothing rack
Warm blanket refuge
Water bottle refilled
Waterfall in distance
Waterfall pool
Weathered bench
Wedding album dusted off
Wedding ceremony
Wedding party
Weight lifted off shoulders
Whale migration watching
Whale watching tour
Whispered conversations 
Wilted roses bouquet
Winding gravel road
Windows rolled down
Wine tasting
Winning lottery ticket 
Wobbly table leg
Workout clothes laid out
Workout planned, then skipped
Workout playlist
Worn trail map 
Worn-out welcome mat
Yoga class
Yoga mat unrolled
Yoga mat unrolled
Zen garden
a discarded seashell
a faded tattoo
a flickering candle
a forgotten sweater 
a lone sock
a misplaced earring
a nervous tic 
a quick smile
a scribbled note
a sense of anticipation
a sigh of relief 
a stack of old books
airplane overhead
anticipation of journey
awkward silence
bartering with vendors
bite of an apple
blinking cursor
bonfire smoke
book with turned pages
broken umbrella
burst of laughter
bustling airport
bustling marketplace
butterfly in stomach
buzzing fly
buzzing neon sign
cat curled on couch
chipped nail polish 
city lights on horizon
clicking of keyboard 
closed laptop
cobblestone streets
cold drink in hand
cool night air
cracked phone screen
cracked windowpane
cramped quarters
creaking floorboard
crickets chirping 
crowded bus station
crowded subway car
crumpled map
distant car lights
distant guitar strum
distant siren
dog barking in distance
dripping faucet
dripping ice cream cone
dust motes in sunlight
empty coffee cup
empty picture frame
empty wine bottle
excitement rising
feeling of adventure
feeling of disorientation
feeling of tranquility
feeling of weightlessness 
flash of lightning
flickering streetlight
fluffy clouds below
fluttering curtains
footprints in the sand
foreign language chatter
forgotten sunglasses
furrowed brow
gasp of pleasure
gazing up at the stars
gentle heartbeat
getting slightly lost
grains of sand on skin
hailing a taxi
half-finished crossword
hand held out
highway hum
historic clock tower
hopeful eyes
howl of a coyote
hum of airplane engine
jet lag setting in
jukebox playing
knot in stomach
laughter around fire
laughter from a cafe
laughter from afar 
lingering scent
lonesome whistle
loose shoelace
lost ticket stub 
loudspeaker announcement
luggage carousel 
melting popsicle
moonlight on skin
music in the streets
neon sign buzzing
new city on the horizon
open laptop
overflowing suitcase
passing countryside view
peanuts in tiny bag
puddle on the sidewalk
racing heart
racing thoughts 
rain-streaked window
restless foot
rolling suitcase
rumble of thunder 
rumble of train wheels
rustling leaves in trees
sailboat on the horizon
sandy towel
scent of baking bread
scent of rain
seagull overhead
seagulls calling
selfie with a landmark 
shooting star
singed marshmallow
singing by the campfire
sleeping bag unrolled
smell of diesel fumes
smell of fresh bread
smell of grease
smell of spices
smell of sunscreen
smell of the ocean
smudged fingerprint
soft kiss
song on the radio
spilled coffee stain
starfish in the sand 
stolen glance
sun setting on water
tangled bedsheets
tangled fingers
tangled headphones
tapping fingers
taste of new cuisine
taste of salt in the air
taste of salty skin
tear rolling down cheek
ticket in hand
ticking clock
truck driver chatter
truck stop diner
unanswered phone call
unexpected discoveries
unfamiliar currency
unmade bed
untied sneakers
vibrant colors
view from airplane window
waitress filling coffee
warm breath on neck
warm mug in hand
waves crashing 
waving goodbye
weight lifted
weight of history 
whispered promises
whispered secret
whistle of a kettle
whistle of a train
wilted flowers
wind rustling leaves
worn hiking boots
worn vinyl booth
